Proposed text for security (#74)
anima-wg/constrained-join-proxy: draft-ietf-anima-constrained-join-proxy.md

### JPY Message Security

Application or ecosystem standards adopting Join Proxy need to determine if there is the potential

> for attacks against stateless join proxies: Senders other than a trustworthy registrar sending
> packets to the Join Proxy with the source address of a trustworthy registrar. In many well designed
> solutions, this attack vector can be excluded. For example, in ANI networks, the ACP ({{RFC8994}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for attacks originating on the trusted side of the stateless join proxies: 
This would involve senders other than a trustworthy registrar sending
packets to the Join Proxy, in-personating the trusted registrar's source address. 
In many well designed solutions, this attack vector can be excluded because source addresses are verified.
For example, in ANI networks, the ACP ({{RFC8994}})
```

(ps: New Line for New Sentence makes these changes easier)

ensures that only trustworthy nodes can communicate amonst each other, and impairment of any such
node may be as complex as impairing a registrar. Likewise in many wifi mesh networks, layer 2 security
claims to achieve similar levels of secure and trusted communications.

In such secured environments, it can be sufficient for the Join Proxy to only accept reply
packets from the registrar IP address that it (is configured to) also send Join Proxy packets to
but not use additional encryption of the JPY header. 

Generic Join Proxies on the other hand can not assume any such additional security measures from the
network to the Registrar. For example, their connection to a registrar may pass through the Internet without 
dditional security.  Therefore, a generic Join Proxy SHOULD encrypt the state data prior to wrapping it in

> a CBOR byte string in jpy_header. 

Reviewer 2: Now included in second commit: example of campus/university network.

      ifindex: uint .bits 8,
      srcport: uint .bits 16,
      iid:     bstr .bits 64,
      zero:    bstr .bits 32,
    ]
~~~~

This results in a total plaintext size of 128 bits, or 16 bytes.
The data structure stores the Pledge's UDP source port (srcport), the IID bits of the Pledge's originating IPv6 link-Local 
address (iid), the IPv4/IPv6 family (as a single bit) and an interface index (ifindex) to provide the link-local scope 

> for the case that the Join Proxy has multiple network interfaces. Zero is for integrity protection. It is always zero (before encryption) on sending and MUST be zero after decryption on reception.

Author: ...the probability of passing integrity check for non-replayed (known to be correct) messages is 1/(2^32)...

Btw: I think we should also send the IV and ask for a pseudo-random IV for every message to be on the safe side.
